Added force HTTPS config option for Steam provider (#1066)
SocialiteProviders/Providers: src/Steam/README.md

By default this protection is disabled. It will only be active when allowed hosts is not equal to an empty array.

### force_https
Set this property to force HTTPS scheme when redirecting from Steam OAuth.

> If you do not set it scheme will be got from your server settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not set it, the scheme will be inferred from your server settings
```

```php
'steam' => [
  'client_id' => null,
  'client_secret' => env('STEAM_CLIENT_SECRET'),
  'redirect' => env('STEAM_REDIRECT_URI'),

>   'force_https' => true,  // This will be force HTTPS scheme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  'force_https' => true,  // This will force HTTPS scheme
```
